Dogboy

Damn, but the mornings were getting colder!  Dogboy huddled deeper into his rags.  The sun would be up soon, and would take off the worst of the chill.  And moving around some would help too.  Unfortunately, it wouldn't help his hunger any.  The last week had been slim pickings.  Too many people in town knew him, and charity was harder to find if they were used to your face.  He'd have to come up with an inventive new sore, or limp, or something.  

He rousted himself from his corner behind the temple, and headed out on to the street. He'd start with his usual spot on the corner, and see if he could catch people heading in to town to open up shops.  If he was lucky, he'd get some breakfast today.  He settled in and concentrated on looking pathetic, not bothering to hide his shivering.  He wished that part was just an act.  Wonder why people shiver when it's cold?

A few stodgy types wandered past, but weren't making eye contact.  He tried a few piteous calls for aid, but he was still warming up.  He didn't usually hit his stride until he was a little warmer.  Just as he was thinking of wandering to another corner, a wagon pulled up right in front of him.  The man driving looked older, and not all that rich.  Damn.  Well, sometimes they surprised you.  He got a silver once off a farmer who looked worse than this guy.

"Hello, kind sir!  Might you spare a copper for a hungry lad?"  He cast his eyes down, and tried to hunch over some.

"No, young fellow, but I do have a job for you, if you're interested."

Great.  He hadn't been propositioned in a few months, but you never knew what sort of perverts you would run into.  he wasn't that hungry yet.  "I'm not..."

"I need someone to watch my wagon for me while I conduct some business in the temple.  Here's a little something for your trouble."  The old man tossed a coin to dogboy, who snatched it out of the air without thinking.  His hand tingled.  Must be colder than he thought.  

As the old man walked past, on the way up to the temple, dogboy looked down into his hand.  And then looked again.  A gold piece?  That was more money than he had ever seen in his life!  He bit it to see if it was real.  The tingling feeling returned.  Hmmm.  He took a closer look at the coin - but he had never seen one quite like it.  Then again, he'd never seen a gold before, so maybe they all looked like this.  

He turned to the stranger, who was walking up the steps to the temple.  "Thank you, sir!"

"There's more tomorrow, if you're interested" called back the old man.  "I'll be back at around the same time then."  With that, he disappeared behind the temple doors.

A gold!  A gold!  Dogboy quickly stuffed it in his pocket, and looked around to make sure that no one else had seen it.  But how was he going to get rid of it?  No one would believe that it was his, and if he took it to a reliable business, they would probably call the watch.  He'd have to find someplace to exchange it for money he could actually spend. Maybe he could go out to the Westin place.  They would charge him for it, but at least he should get back half of the gold piece.  He could eat for weeks!  

But where did the old man get the gold, and why would he give it to a beggar?  He didn't seem wealthy, and there were no women around to impress.  Maybe he was some sort of holy nutjob.  He was going in to the temple...  Wonder what's in the wagon, that he want's someone to look after it?  Dogboy began to nonchalantly stroll around the wagon.  It looked pretty normal from the outside.  Maybe something in it?  After a quick look around to see that no one was watching, Dogboy scrambled into the back.  There was dirt on the floor, and a bunch of sacks and chests.  A shovel lay on the floor of the wagon.  He peeked in one of the sacks, and caught his breath.  There was a golden urn inside.  It looked like a funeral urn, but he had never heard of one made out of gold before.  Certainly no one he knew had that sort of money.  He looked in a few more of the sacks, and found similar urns.  

He'd been in the wagon long enough.  He jumped back out, and took station by the side of the wagon, looking watchful in case the old man came out again.  You could bet that he would be there tomorrow to see if the geezer really came back.  Maybe he'd even get some meat tonight!




