Ellemera
--------

The mist still hung heavily in the forest as the gray predawn light started to filter through the trees. Ellemera started her daily routine of checking snares, hoping for a rabbit today.  It had been a few days since anything had tripped one of her closer traps, and she was starting to consider moving them to another game trail. As she moved almost silently through the trees, she noticed some fresh sign of deer.  Maybe she wouldn't need to worry about rabbits after all.  She drew out her bow, stringing it as she moved along the nearly imperceptible
track.  There were markings from at least three different deer on this path, given the size and depth of the hoof markings.  One of them was definitely heavy enough to be a stag.  Although she was eager to find them, and perhaps bring one in ahead of her father this time, Ellemera kept a steady and silent pace.  

As she pushed through a stand of brush, she saw a human footprint on the game trail.  It also looked fairly recent, with crisp edges.  By the size, it belonged to a man.  She stopped, listening intently.  It was probably not one of Lord Westin's huntsmen, because most those idiots were so inept in the woods that they were trivial to elude.  And if he finally found some lackeys that didn't sing and drink while they were patrolling the forest, she was ready for that too.  Most foresters weren't much in the fighting department, especially when you had the drop on them.  Not that she wanted a confrontation, but you did what you had to.

The footprints paralleled the game trail for a few hundred yards, then diverged to the west.  She was about to continue following the deer, when she noticed blood on the diverging trail.  Interesting.  She shifted to the west, following the human sign.  

As the trail continued, the steps became more erratic, and the amount of blood greater.  The trail seemed to lose any concrete direction, wandering along the path of least resistance through the woods.  After less than half a mile, the footprints ended, with feet themselves coming in to view, attached to a prone figure.  Ellemera stopped, and drew her hunting knife. The bow wouldn't do her much good if the apparent corpse was faking it, although why he would come out into the woods to play possum was a question she didn't have an answer for.  She cautiously approached, and shoved the body with her foot.  Nothing.  She bent down, and prodded with her knife.  Still nothing.  After a more enthusiastic prod still failed to elicit any response, she flipped the body over to get a look. 

The former wilderness enthusiast was a nondescript man of maybe 30 years, dressed in clothing that was neither ragged nor fine.  He was bruised and battered, and looked like there might even be some sort of bites on his hands and face.  Ugh.  He had a short sword, but was unarmored.  No backpack, but there was a large pouch hanging from his belt.  Well, he didn't need it any more.  She cut the pouch loose, and heard a musical clank as she lifted it from his body.  Coins might not be a stag, but they would do nicely.  She opened up the bag, and stared for a moment in disbelief.  There must be 20 golds in there!  She took one out to look at it.  It was a strange coin, with some sort of wyrm or dragon on the face, with odd writing.  For a moment, her hand tingled, like it had been asleep.  She shook her head.  There was something else in the bag.  

Pulling it out, she unrolled a piece of cloth that looked to be a map.  It contained a sketchy view of what looked like the old cemetery north of town.  One of the crypts was marked with a star.  Hmmm.  Interesting.

 
