Elysia mingled.  It was normally one of the more tedious aspects of court life, and this reception was proving to be no exception.  The various nobility, dignitaries, wealthy merchants and assorted hangers on had no end to their appetite to see and be seen, and to attempt to impress each other with their wealth, position, or cleverness.  Not that cleverness was a particularly stiff contest in this bunch.  Oh, there were exceptions, but they were just that, exceptions.

Despite the tedium of the event, there were frequently things to be learned.  Her mother had impressed upon her the usefulness of listening to conversations held where alcohol was present, and sometimes even the most longwinded drivel could contain useful information.  Those attempting to impress often showed more of their hands than was prudent, especially after a few drinks.  It was too bad that she herself couldn’t indulge similarly – it might make it more bearable.

“Fascinating, Duke Valorn.  Do you mean to say that you tracked the beast to its lair and slew it single-handedly?  Wasn’t that terribly dangerous?”  She widened her eyes and tossed in a vapid little gasp.  The irritating toad puffed up and launched into an extended recounting of his various tales of bravery.  

“And that snake Menlor had better beware.  If he continues to encroach on my side of the Kalt river, he’ll find me no easy neighbor!”  

“I’m sure he will not, Duke”.  Hmm, that was interesting.  She didn’t know that Valorn and Menlor had been at each other.  She would have to mention it to her Mother.

After the reception, she went up to the tower room where her mother kept her working offices.  She knocked on the door in an established pattern, and stepped back.  After a few moments, the door swung outward, despite the appearance of the hinges.  “Ah, Elysia, darling, come in.”

She entered the room and then stopped. There was an unfamiliar person seated in her mother’s office.  Elysia tensed, and her hand slipped down to the throwing knife concealed in her gown.  Her mother smiled, and said “you won’t need that.  Sebastian isn’t here against my will.  In fact, he has an interesting story.”


