Wakey wakey!  Rise and shine!  We can't rule the world if we just lie around dead all day, now can we?

Aaah, there we go.  That's not so bad, is it?  It doesn't hurt any more?  Unless, of course, you count the pain of being COMPLETE AND UTTER IDIOTS!  That has to smart a bit.

I must say, I was impressed at your tactical genius.  I remember when I was just a lad, backstabbing my way through the ranks.  Nothing gets you to the top quicker than tipping your pathetic hand to an enemy who overpowers you and then lollygagging around like a bunch of drooling idiots while he rounds up a superior force.  Whew, I bet the golden guard is losing some sleep tonight!  Oh no, look at the scary DrakVath!  What if they forget to put appropriate postage on the next AUTOGRAPHED INVITATION TO SLAUGHTER THEM?  

Thankfully, your tour guides were able to reach me in time with your brilliant itinerary.  I had them hang back from your inevitable demise to make sure that no one swiped your dirty undies while your corpses rotted in the sun!  Thankfully, that golden wuss was too much of a pansy to touch the artifacts themselves without asking mommy first, so I was able to collect you more or less the way you were.  

Now, I know what you’re thinking!  I’ll get those lousy snitches!  But, since they were useful to me in some regards, I think not.  While you were pleasantly dead, I spent a few weeks killing them and reincarnating them until I found something more suitable.  You should have seen Beinbumser as a dryad!  Priceless!  But I think that you will now find them harder to dispose of, should that be your intent.

It may actually have worked to our advantage that you were so handily creamed by Mr. Halo and the righteousettes – they know that your bodies disappeared while they weren’t paying attention, but they can’t know for sure that you are back in the game.  We’ll have to move up our schedule somewhat, in an attempt to capitalize on that uncertainty.

I was prepared to send you off to retrieve the next of our objectives from Perdu, but I’m afraid that while you were enjoying your lack of existence, that information has become a bit stale.  It seems that you have some competition for world dominance, although you’ll be relieved to hear that they don’t appear to be much brighter than you.  The scepter is now in the hands of the Heilan representative in Amsea – and I need to you hurry along and pick it up from him before it is restored to the golden weenies and destroyed, or put someplace more difficult to retrieve.

So, off you go!  I’ve arranged a portal to Amsea, and a lovely continental breakfast!  Get that scepter back, or I’m shopping around for some new tools.

