Hank

Heh.  The stupid rats just couldn't leave the cheese alone.  You would think that after a few times, they would realize that they had nothing but an agonizing death to look forward to.  Hank chuckled again as his latest trial twitched a few last times, and lay still.  The new formulation seemed even more promising than the last one, and as an added bonus, it looked far more painful.  The odorless quality had been difficult, but the first few attempts had an acrid odor that had warned the rats that something wasn't right with the cheese left in the carefully prepared corner.

He was wondering if the poison would scale well to larger animals when there was a furtive sounding knock on the cottage door.  Hank sighed.  His worthless mother was probably too busy scanning her crystal ball or looking at auras or some ridiculous crap like that to find out who was at the door.  Honestly, how did she ever expect them to get out of this miserable hovel if she didn't find a way to market herself more aggressively?  He moved the few feet from his chair to the door, kicking the rat corpse quickly out of sight.

He swept the cottage door open, and took in the graying man in a dark cloak.  Damn.  Didn't look like money.  But you never knew.  "Welcome, welcome, good sir.  Please come in, and tell me how I can help you on this fine evening!"  He put on his best "sell it to the rubes" smile, and motioned the man inside.  The man moved quickly into the cottage, scraping the reddish mud from his boots haphazardly on the entry mat.

"Hello, young feller" the old man started, "This is widow Largo's place?  I have heard that she may be able to help me with a, hmmm, pest problem."  Young feller indeed, you old coot.  "Certainly, sir.  I am her son Hank, and we have effective measures for dealing with all manner of rodents, vermin, and other undesirable creatures."

"Is that so?  Well, the rats that I am looking to control are large, very large.  Will your measures be able to handle them?"  Hank took a closer look at the old man, whose eyes were looking anywhere but at Hank.  He suppressed a chuckle.  Maybe the geezer had some style after all.  And this was an excellent opportunity to test out his latest creation.

"Indeed it will, sir.  Our rat elixir would take out a rat the size of a pony, if there were any such thing.  But I must caution you, you must be very careful with it.  It is also quite fatal to humans, and unfortunately is fairly tasteless and has no aroma.  Do make sure that you do not accidentally place the bottle where it might be mistakenly used by someone in food or mistakenly consumed by children."  He smiled slyly at the customer.

"Ahem.  Yes, thank you for that warning.  That sounds like just the ticket to deal with my, um, problem.  How much would I need to take care of the rats?"

"A few drops should be sufficient."

"Excellent.  Will five golds be enough to cover the cost?"

Five golds!  Either this idiot was rolling in it, or he needed this stuff pretty badly.  "I'm certain that it would suffice", he managed to choke out. 

The old man smiled, and handed over a clinking pouch.  Hank handed the old man the whole bottle of poison he had been experimenting with.  For five golds, he could go round up some more ingredients.  Where did the coot get the money from, though?  He didn't look like the type to have that sort of cash.  As he escorted the man back out of the cottage, he looked at the wagon that was pulled up out in front.  There were a pile of what appeared to be excavation tools in the back, and the wheels were covered with the same red mud as the old mans boots.  He reached idly in to the bag, pulling out one of the golds.  Strange, the imprint on the coin was unfamiliar to him.  For a second, his fingers tingled, and he looked at the coin more closely.  Some sort of contact poison?  But the 
coin seemed clean.  Hmm. Must have been his imagination.

As he walked back inside, he thought that the only place that he had seen red mud was out at the old cemetery.  Odd that the old coot had been digging out there.  





