Mist coated the lake in the early morning light.  Jan patiently sat with a fishing line, waiting.  He had been here every morning for the last week, but today felt different.  This year the old bait stealer would be his.  The water rippled, and the line jerked sharply downwards.  Jan let it play out for a while, increasing and decreasing the resistance, tiring the fish.  After an hour, he pulled it out - the largest trout that he had ever seen.  The creature was nearly 3 feet long, with a dozen hooks trailing broken line sprouting like a beard from his jaw.  Taking only a moment to savor the triumph of finally catching the fish he had been stalking for three summers, he gutted the giant trout and ran a line through his jaw.  No use in fishing any more today – he was eager to head home and do a little low key showing off.

He followed the trails known only to him back to their cottage on the outskirts of Sauber.  He noticed that there were more deer than usual this summer – there were new trails, and the old ones showed heavy usage.  Good news for the nobles – maybe some of those city bred idiots could kill something if there were enough that they tripped over them.  The sun was just starting to appear over the tree line when he turned off of the deer trail and on to the dirt road where he lived.  His father and mother were probably still sleeping.  Well, they’d have a surprise breakfast – and probably lunch and dinner too!  He smiled to himself.  His father had been after this fish for longer than Jan had.  

He noticed a thin stream of smoke coming up from the chimney.  Oh well, no surprise breakfast after all.  His mother must already be making breakfast.  He wouldn’t mind having a strong cup of tea ready made – he had been getting up well before dawn lately.

He swung through the door with a smile on his face, holding up the trout.  Good morning, mother…  His voice trailed off as he saw his parents sitting at the kitchen table with a mage.  Now that was odd.  “Hello, sir.”

“Come over and sit, Jan” said his mother.  She looked both troubled and happy, like she had the first time he went on an overnight hunting trip.  “We have something to talk about.”
