Karl cracked open an eye.  The sky was just starting to brighten with the pre-dawn.  Damn, he had overslept.  He looked across the bed at the barmaid and relaxed a bit.  She was still sleeping – that always made it easier.  Moving very slowly, he slid out of bed, and gathered up his clothing.  He dressed silently in the predawn light, and slipped out of the inn.  He’d have to remember that place – he had picked up a decent amount of money playing in the common room, and the maid had been prettier than many.  Of course, he’d probably have to avoid it until she calmed down a little bit – they never really understood the concept of poetic license when you were declaring your undying love.  

He stopped at a bakery and grabbed some breakfast on his way back to the keep.  He even overpaid, along with a wink and a smile for the chubby baker.  He was a firm believer in Karma, and Heila only knows he had purloined enough bread in his younger days that he considered himself well advised to make up for it while he had coins jingling in his purse.

The guard at the keep smiled and waved him through.  He made it a point to play dice with the guards regularly, and to lose just as regularly.  They were always happy to open the gate at odd hours, and never told any disgruntled barmaids which way he had gone.

His father had landed a semi permanent gig here in Sauber, entertaining the Duke’s court.  It paid well, and no one threw beer mugs if they didn’t like the music, but it lacked the excitement of the common taverns.  Karl alternated working with his father, and playing his own music at local dives.  Not that he was sure he wanted to make a career out of it – but it was enough to get some spending money, an occasional free drink, and the ladies love a musician.  That, and all those years of being instructed by his father in various instruments, ballads, stories, and showmanship had to be good for something. 

He strolled through the courtyard, watching the staff of the keep in their morning routines.  Just watching them working this early made him sleepy.  Maybe it was a good time to catch a few more hours of shut eye.  He entered the corridor where he and his father had a room, and tiptoed up to the door, opening it as quietly as possible.  His father was no morning lover either.

When he entered the room, he stopped suddenly.  His father was awake, and sitting at a small table with someone that Karl had never seen before.  Maybe he was a patron, or something – it always paid to be polite to people who had money, even if they did wake you up early in the morning.  “Hi, Dad.  Hello, Sir.”

“Karl, sit down.  I think that you should listen to this man’s story.  I’m no novice at the art myself, and I think this one has the potential to be an epic.”








