The ringing of swords was a sweet sound.  Manfred took a second to appreciate the clear sound of steel ringing on steel, and another second to appreciate the look of dismay on his sparring partners’ face as his sword sailed away across the practice yard.

“Impossible.  No one can move that fast”.  Mink shook his head and looked again at his blade, now 15 feet away in the dirt.

“I suppose that it looks fast for a turtle like you.  I’m barely warming up!”  Manfred gave his friend a wolfish grin.  “Go ahead, pick it up.  I’ll give you a free swing this time”.

“No thanks.  I’ve had enough fun for one day.  Want to head over to the rusted link for a beer?  It looks like it’s on me today.”

“I’ve never met a beer that I didn’t like.  Let me put my gear away, and I’ll meet you there”.

Manfred walked from the bright sun of the practice field into the relative cool and quiet of the gym.  He moved back to his closet, and methodically removed and cleaned his armor and weapons, racking everything precisely in its place.  If there was one lesson he had learned early, it was that everything had a place, and it was best if you kept it that way.  It didn’t take many of his father’s reminders to drive the lesson home.

To be fair, his father had mellowed somewhat since his mother had convinced him to retire as a commander in His Majesty’s guard, and open up the training academy here in Sauber.  Of course, for his father, mellowing somewhat still left him on the wrong side of compulsive, but over the years, Manfred had come to appreciate the order and discipline of military life.  That didn’t mean that he and his father saw eye to eye – Manfred still delighted in raising his ire whenever possible.  After spending his entire life among soldiers, however, Manfred couldn’t imagine a life outside of the brotherhood of the military.  He had never lived in any city or camp long enough to really call it home.  Home was wherever your fellow warriors were.

Just as he was finishing up, a young cadet walked into the gym and saluted.  “Sir, your father requests that you meet him in his ready room, sir!”

“At ease, cadet.  I’ll accompany you there now.”

Great.  What had he found out this time?  The man had eyes everywhere!  Not that Manfred took great pains to conceal his shenanigans, as watching his father turn red was half the fun.  Manfred walked across the academy compound, passing dormitories and classrooms.  He jogged up the steps of the main administration building, and entered his father’s office.

“Manfred Kraftig, reporting as ordered, Sir!”

His father stood behind a large desk, and beside him was a white haired mage in golden robes.  Hmm.  He didn’t recognize the man, but he may be one of the new instructors in battle magic.

“At Ease.  Son, let me introduce you to Sebastian.  He has come from Schlossberg, at the request of King Olin.  He has requested you, for a detail that he has convinced me is of the utmost importance.  I am assigning you to his command, effective immediately.  You’ll have time to say goodbye to your mother, and to pack your gear.”

“Sir, I…”

“That will be all.   Good Luck”.
  
