Maria inhaled deeply.  Aaah, there was nothing like the smell of old paper!  Books and scrolls lined the walls in Sauber’s university.  Thousands of books, of all shapes and sizes.  Histories, primers, recipes, arcane lore, dark magic, biographies, tales of far lands, poetry, languages… there really was no finer place in all of Zufals.  She returned her attention to the history that she was reading, an account of Sigfried the Golden and the dragon wars.  She found Sigfried and his golden guard terribly romantic.  Nothing exciting like dragon wars happened these days.  The most titillating volume that had entered the archives last year was a comparative study of crop yields in the area around Amsea.  And, while it was a well written work, it was hardly an epic account of good and evil, was it.  It would be fascinating to have lived in those times.  Well, fascinating, and (she admitted privately) a bit nerve wracking.  Perhaps it wasn’t so bad reading the accounts in this lovely room, surrounded with the collected knowledge of Zufals.  She could almost hear the battles as she turned the pages, and shivered at each new account of the centuries old clash.

Eventually, hunger intruded.  She wished for the thousandth time that she could get away with eating in the library, but the last time her mother caught her with a loaf of bread and a priceless illumination, she was banned from the building for a week.  Ugh.  Having the head librarian for a mother had certain benefits, such as full time access to all parts of the collection, but she didn’t cut Maria any slack when it came to following the rules.  I mean, it’s not like she was eating soup, after all.  Oh well.  

She cut across the university campus to the residential section, where the various instructors and administrators had neat little stone houses.  She avoided the most heavily traveled paths, because she wasn’t sure she wanted to meet anyone, if she could help it.  Especially boys.  Especially cute boys.  She never knew what to say.  It was too bad that she couldn’t write something down first.  She was an excellent writer.

A gust of wind blew her hair into her face.  Stupid hair.  It was always frizzy, and wherever it could inconvenience her the most.  She would have just shaved her head, left to her own devices, but her mother sounded absolutely scandalized the one time she had brought it up.  Her father was no help either.  She supposed that it wasn’t strictly required to be a stuffy old fussbudget to be an arcane lore instructor, but it seemed like her father and his colleagues did fit a mold.  Except for that dreamy new combat mage, Thenlor, of course.  Just thinking of him made Maria blush.  

She skipped up the steps into the front hallway of her house.  There were voices coming from the kitchen.  Strange, her mother was usually in the library at this time of morning, and her father had classes.  Maybe it was robbers!  Or maybe Thenlor!  No, that was just silly.  She snuck up to the kitchen door.  It was her mother and father after all, and they were talking to someone who looked like another one of fathers stuffy old buddies, except with shinier robes.  Sighing (but whether from relief over the lack of robbers or disappointment over the lack of cute combat mages, she wasn’t sure) she walked in.

“There you are, Maria” said her mother.  “I figured it wouldn’t be that much longer before you got hungry.  Meet Sebastian.  He’s a mage with the golden council.  He has an unusual request.”
