Mark

Mark looked up at the muffled knock.  He didn't think that they were expecting anyone tonight, but in the stolen goods business you sometimes had to hold strange hours.  He glanced over at his father, who nodded to let him know that he had his hand on the crossbow under the table, which was pointed at the door.  Mark walked to the door and peered out of the metal grate set high in the thick iron banded door.  

The man huddling in the shadows outside was not one that he recognized, but that wasn't particularly unusual.  The clientele that they dealt with was highly transitory.  Dreckig was hardly large enough to support any really professional thieves, but his father had a network of contacts across the western half of Zufals.  There were sometimes visitors from as far away as Wissen or KonigsSchloss. 

"Who sent you?"  He called out quietly through the grate.  They were successful enough to only deal with referred business.  

"The pixies sent me".  Mark chuckled under his breath.  He had come up with the latest password himself, since he couldn't imagine someone who hadn't been referred picking it randomly, and besides, he loved to see the hardnosed rogues whisper that they were sent by pixies.  He opened the door carefully, staying behind its cover as it opened.  He had been raised to be cautious, and had seen a few times when the crossbow under the table had been necessary, which had an excellent reinforcing effect.  

The man came in slowly, and as he entered the light, Mark relaxed somewhat.  He was gaunt and grey, and looked about as menacing as a toothless dog, except for something strange and intense in his eyes.  He walked over to the table where Mark's father sat, with both hands still concealed. 

"Greetings," said mark's father in a neutral tone.  "What brings you to me at this hour?"

"I have something that may be of interest to you.  Something of great interest indeed.  I was told by a certain man in red that you would be the correct man to show these to."  Mark's father sat up straighter, and his hands appeared above the table.  Mark wasn't certain who the man in red was, but it was a name that only came up in conjunction with more unusual and costly objects.  He moved closer to the table as well.

From under his cloak, the visitor produced a bundle wrapped in black cloth about the size of a loaf of bread.  He set it on the table gently and stood back.  Mark's father unwrapped the bundle carefully, and removed three statues of dragons wrought in what appeared to be gold.  Ruby eyes glittered in their miniature faces.  They were beautiful, but also strangely compelling.  Mark leaned in closer.  He thought he could see lines of script running along the base of the statues, but it was too small to see without picking up the statue.  

"These are interesting pieces." said mark's father.  "Interesting and quite rare.  Do you mind if I ask you where you acquired them?  I assure you, I am quite discreet."

It almost seemed as if the old man was covering a smile when he answered.  "I will tell you.  I got them not 2 miles from this very house.  They were in one of the crypts in the cemetery by the river Niva."

"You must be very powerful, very desperate, or very lucky, then" replied Mark's father.  I'll give you 100 platinum for the batch.  The visitor didn't consider long before he smiled broadly, and said "Done."  Mark's father went into the back room while mark kept a watchful eye on the old man.  A minute later, Marks father returned with a leather bag of some heft.  He counted out 100 platinum pieces on the table, and offered the bag to the visitor.  He swept it up under his cloak, and bowed.  "A pleasure doing business with you."

As the old man left, mark turned back to his father.  "A hundred platinum!  I didn't know we had that much in the safe!"  

"It was a bargain, even so.  That man either didn't know what he had, or he needed the money badly.  These are worth 10 times what I paid him".

Mark walked over to the table and picked up one of the statues to examine it more closely.  The figurine tingled strangely in his hand.  He looked at the base, where he thought he had seen writing earlier.  There was indeed a band of script running around the base of the figurine.  It looked like a variant of draconic, but Mark had only studied the language in a cursory fashion, and couldn't make out more than a word or two. The statue felt oddly comfortable in his hand, and he didn't want to put it back on the table.  He wondered idly if there were any more, and if it had really come from the cemetery.  
