Outside, the sun beats down witout cease, without mercy.  Down in the hole, the old numbs the soul. The dust coats everything - clothes, food, eyes.  The bite of the whip is the only variable in the long day, and it is not one to be longed for.  I don't know how long I have been here, sifting the sands, digging out ancient ruins under the eyes of the drivers.  I don't know how long any of us have been here.  

There are two hands and one of us in our workgroup, and we are one workgroup of any.  There is a rough sort of friendship among us, although we try not to become too attached.  There were others, that met with accidents, or failed under the strain, or just gave up under the relentless sun and died.  There is no real leader among us; anyone who appears to gain any following among the slaves has a way of suffering accidents.  

All we have here is our names, and even those fade with time.  Sakani sings to us, sometimes, at night.  Jumoke somehow remains cheerful, even here, even now.  Issa tells us stories of the old gods, the ones whose temples we dig from the sands, whose graves we rob for the power of the Marketh.  Nuri has clever fingers, and is the one you want to check your ropes in the mines.  Akhom is fierce, unafraid of the drivers.  he has been beaten more than any of us, but he seems to wear the scars with pride rather than fear.  Amisi is beautiful, even worn, even dirty.  This has not been a thing of good fortune for her.  Bastet is our little mother, watching over us all.  Nebit is cold and private, strong for a woman.  Seshafi burns with anger.  It is her driving force, her hatred of the drivers and the Marketh.  She dreams of escape, of revenge, of blood.  Tanafriti was taken from a desert tribe, and knows the sands better than any of us.  We are all young, because the old do not survive.  We are all strong, because
the weak do not survive.  Aside from these things, we are unformed, untested.  Our lives are digging, crawling, eating, sleeping.  What lives we would have made for ourselves under other circumstances, none can say.

I, Djeb, remember our story, as best I can, for that is my gift.  I remember the names of those who have disappeared in the night, and those who have died, and those who have gone into the mines and tunnels and never returned.  I remember the Marketh drivers, each blow, each insult, each petty attack.  I remember the tunnels and the passages in the earth, dug by our hands.  I remember the symbols on every dusty crypt, each treasure unearthed and taken back to the Marketh capital.  What I will do with these pieces of knowledge I cannot say, but I cannot choose not to remember.

It was perhaps five sleeps ago that we stared to unearth the black temple.  Why it should be any different from the countless temples and structures we have uncovered in this city beneath the sands I cannot say, but it feels different.  The carved black stone feels alive somehow, warm under our hands in the cold caverns.  My dreams have been troubled, and although they do not say so, I sense that the others have also had trouble sleeping.  There is nothing outwardly forbidding in the architecture; no writhing demons, no slaughtered foes - we have seen both before on temple walls.  These seem plain in comparison, the carvings muted, stylized; there are no external heiroglyphics to tell the story of the gods once housed within.  It seems out of place, foreign to this city, but there was a visit from a ranking member of the Marketh while we were digging, and there was a terrible light in his eyes.  Five work crews were reassigned to help excavate this temple.  The drivers have been on edge, quick to anger, alert for some unknown danger.  We dig, and we crawl, and we eat, and we sleep.

Today we began searching the inner chamber of the black temple.  There were many niches containing treasures, that we dutifly handed off to the drivers.  There is no point in trying to keep any of the things we find, first because we have no place to hide them, and second because we have no place to sell them.  That is not to say that it has not been tried, but a handless slave does not live long.  This fact makes it all the stranger when I tell you that
as I was searching an altar deep in the temple, I saw something - a globe, perhaps the size of my fist - and without thinking, I stuffed it deep in my robe.  I picked up the golden stand it was resting on, as well as some jeweled candlesticks, and made my way back to the temple mouth, where the drivers collected the treasure we brought from the city beneath the sands.  For the remainder of the day, I worked without thinking, forgetting even that I had taken the globe.  I cleared sand in buckets from the hallways of the temple, making the long trip back out to the sun.

At the end of the day, as the sun dropped below the endless expanse of sand, I went back to the barracks shared by my workgroup.  We ate our meager supper, and for the most part fell exhausted into sleep.  I tucked the globe under the pile of rags I use for a pillow, and joined my group in slumber.  

Djeb!

<everyone wakes>

A painfully bright light is shining from under the pillow.  

Awake!  Hear the voice of Vas-Tet.  Long have I slept in the depths of El-Aswad, buried beneath the sands.  Long have I been held prisoner as the strength of Vas-Tet is eaten by the Marketh.   My brothers and I have been lost, bound by the kings of Marketh, bled dry in the desert.  Today I have been released, and I have an offer to make you.  Agree to restore me to my place, and I 
can release you from this life.  

First, we must escape from this prison.  I can shield you from the eyes of your captors, and provide assistance if you are encountered.  I would advise stealth, however, unless you are certain you can overpower your captors in silence.  My power is not yet strong enough to destroy all of your enemies.




