Thank you for being patient with me through what must seem like an unnecessarily mysterious journey for you.  Time was, unfortunately, of the essence, and it was simpler to wait until you were gathered together to tell you why I have asked you to be here today, and why it is vital to both the kingdom and everyone in it that you listen closely to what I will reveal to you, and think carefully on the choice that you will need to make.  I’m also certain that you will have questions to ask, but I will ask that you hold them until I have given you some initial information, which will hopefully answer many of them.

The issue confronting us today has its roots, as is so often the case, far in the past.  I’m sure that you all have at least heard about the DrakVath, and their reign of cruelty in this very land some five centuries ago.  I’m equally sure that you also know the story of its defeat at the hands of Thendor the Golden and his Golden Guard, the descendants of which rule Zufals to this day.  What you may not know, except, perhaps, Maria here, is how close a battle it was, and what sacrifices and choices were made to achieve that victory.

The Golden Guard did win their struggle against the oppressive rule of the DrakVath, it is true, but the victory was neither as simple nor as complete as the songs and tales would have you believe.  The DrakVath were defeated, but not destroyed.  The lords of the DrakVath were powerful beings – I don’t know that you can say they were men, although they may have been, once.  They were intelligent and devious, and had many safeguards for their power.  The majority of their essence was sealed in another plane of existence, barred from our world with magical portals of extraordinary power.  Each lord was sent to a different plane, to prevent them from working together to undo their banishment.  These portals were locked, but could not be destroyed without risking the very fabric of our universe.  Their location remains a secret to this day, from all but the head of my order.

The portals were sealed with the scepters of their office, artifacts that were keyed to each of the lords of the DrakVath and contained some small portion of their essence.  The scepters were then scattered, hidden in deep places, and watched by members of the Golden Council.  In the beginning, this watch was constant and determined.  As the years passed, however, and then the decades, and the centuries, the fear of the DrakVath ebbed, and they became more legend than enemy.  The watchmen began to relax in their duties, or in some cases, to forget that those duties existed.  The scepters were forgotten, their power disbelieved, until recently.

Just as the lords of the DrakVath were not completely destroyed, many among their servants also escaped justice.  Some went into hiding; some disappeared into new, magically created identities.  Their resistance was short lived, and promptly stamped out by the Golden Guard wherever it surfaced.  There were rumors that artifacts belonging to the lords of the DrakVath were spirited away and preserved against a future day when they would attempt a return; these rumors faded away along with everything else.  The DrakVath became boogeymen, a dark bedtime story, and even the Golden Council, which was formed to combat the DrakVath and was instrumental in their banishment, lapsed into ignorance as generations passed, and other concerns seemed more real, and more pressing.

A few months ago, however, we began to receive disturbing reports from agents of the council.  Signs of dark rites were discovered, and forces that had been long dormant began to stir, if faintly.  There were sightings of people out of legend; dark mages and creatures that it seems impossible are still alive today.  There were also reports of an effort to reclaim the scepters.  When we sent our agents to discover the truth of this, we found at least one was missing from its hiding place.  We can only assume that whoever is behind the attempt to collect these artifacts is working to dark ends – perhaps even the unlocking of the portals themselves. 

The situation is complicated by the fact that, over the years, many of the scepters were moved, or stolen, or their hiding places destroyed.  A thorough review of the records shows that we are only certain of the location of two of the seven scepters, now that the one near Dreckig has been stolen.  One is stored in a monastery dedicated to Vathan in Heil, and another is in an ancient temple on the island of Perdu.  It is imperative that we manage to secure these artifacts before they fall into the hands of our assumed opponents.  The consequences for Zufals should the portals are unlocked are unimaginable.

Thankfully, we are aware of the threat now, and have our own power to match against this threat.  We also have the support of the populace, while our opponents must work in stealth and silence.  Finally, we have the power of our ancient allies.

Another little known fact surrounding the time of Thendor the Golden and the overthrow of the DrakVath is that the conflict was more than a battle between men.  There were powerful allies on both sides of that battle, and some say that the gods themselves were involved, playing out an ancient struggle for dominance in the theatre of our blood.  The DrakVath were supported by the chromatic dragons, fierce and magical creatures that traditionally had avoided the world of men.  Thendor and his armies were supported by the metallic Dragons, ancient forces of good, and just as fierce as the chromatic dragons.  Although normally uninvolved in our politics, the intervention of the chromatic dragons on behalf of the DrakVath drew in the metallic dragons to maintain a balance.

Once the DrakVath were defeated, the chromatic dragons and their metallic counterparts once again withdrew from Zufals.  The metallic dragons left us several artifacts on their departure, should the day ever come that they were needed again to restore the balance to our world.  While that day is not yet here, the artifacts are powerful in their own right, and may be the difference between our success and failure in stopping the new agents of the DrakVath.

I’m sure that you have questions – I will answer any that I can, and then we can discuss the tactical situation, and what I am asking of each of you.

<assume the why me question>

That’s an excellent question - The reason that I have gathered you in particular is threefold.  First, you are an exceptional group of young people.  Your parents and mentors have recognized you, in one way or another, as very promising young men and women.  Secondly, you are relatively unknown.  It is important that we begin our efforts to reacquire the scepters quietly, because a full out assault will let our opponents know that we are aware of their efforts, and this may cause them to go back into hiding, and lose any chance of reacquiring the scepters now in their possession.  Finally, and this may come as a surprise to many of you, you are all directly descended from Thendor the Golden and his generals of the Golden Guard.  Tracing the bloodlines from the days of Thendor was a long and arduous task, but necessary, as you will see.  You were identified as the strongest potential candidates of the descendants.

The reason that it is vital that you are descended from the original heroes of Zufals is that we have in our possession several very powerful artifacts remaining from the time of the original war against the DrakVath.  The members of the Golden Guard feared that they might fall into the wrong hands, so they were sorcerously imbued with intelligence and power that will only work in the hands of someone directly descended from the Generals.  These artifacts will also be critical to our success.


What I ask of you now is no small task.  We have a short amount of time to counter the activity of the newly formed DrakVath.  The mission to stop them from retrieving the scepters is a critical one, and dangerous.  This will require that you leave your current lives behind, and dedicate yourself fully to the task until the enemy is defeated and the scepters are once again safe.  Your lives will be in peril, but you will not be alone.  Our considerable resources will be at your disposal, although we must be subtle about the assistance that we render, in order to avoid alerting the DrakVath of our awareness.  There are powerful artifacts to help you in your quest, and training available for you before you set out.  

Along with your attempt to recover the scepters, there is another important task.  In case all else fails, and the DrakVath are successful in gaining all of the scepters that unlock the portals which will return the lords to this world, we need to be able to summon back our allies.  When they departed Zufalls, they left us 7 rings.  In conjunction, these rings can be used to summon the metallic dragons back to help defend us against the DrakVath and their allies.  Sadly, this is also not an easy task.  Over the years, the rings were also scattered, hidden, stolen, or lost.  Only one remains within our grasp, and that is guarded strongly.  It is here in the monastery, and it is the first test of your will.  If you decide that you are willing to work with the Golden Council to protect Zufals, then we will instruct you on the specifics of this challenge.  You may have a few hours to speak amongst yourselves and reach a decision.  I will return at that time.


In this room are the artifacts left to us by the metallic dragons and the generals of the Golden Guard.  These amulets were given to Thendor and his Generals to strengthen them for the fight against the DrakVath – there is one for each of his six generals, and one worn by Thendor himself.  Examine them carefully, and find one that calls out to you.  The amulet will grant you abilities, but they may not be entirely without price.  We don’t know exactly what to expect from them, but ancient writings from Thendor suggest that they are both a source of strength and a heavy burden.

Here also are the items of power left to us – weapons and armor worn by the Golden Guard, and keyed to their bloodlines.  These artifacts are powerful, although their exact nature is not certain – their secrets were well guarded by their original owners, lest their enemies find a way to circumvent their power.  They also have lain dormant for many centuries, and may be slow to awake to their full potential.  As with the amulets, seek out the item that calls most strongly to your true nature, as your choice will help direct your training and your destiny.

Finally, we have some companions to undertake this adventure with you, to serve as your contact to the Golden Council should you need our assistance, and to report your progress back to us so that we may plan our campaign against this darkness as best we may.  They are loyal allies of our cause, as the Dwarves have always been loyal allies of the kingdom of Zufals.  



  






