Squid

There was always something else to do.  Get the coal, get the wood, move the iron stock, clean the tools, change the quenching buckets, work the bellows, sweep the floor, grind the edges, rack the hammers.  Every day was the same routine.  Oh, the work wasn't hard, but it was tedious.  Not that Squid had any other ambitions, but he sometimes thought that there should be something else that being a blacksmiths apprentice.  Not that his father's wife didn't remind him daily that he should be thankful for a spot over the forge to sleep, him being a bastard and all.  His father was a bit better, but was ruled by his wife.  Things had been better before her.

As he carried the last buckets of coal into the forge for the morning, a wagon pulled into the yard.  Father was out picking up some supplies, so Hank figured he should see who it was.  He walked into the yard, and looked at the man coming down from the wagon.  He was old, or at least looked like it.  The wagon looked ok, so it wasn't a wheel.  Wonder what he wants?  Hank waited for the old man to say something.

"Hello there, young fellow!  Are you the one to talk to about getting some tools repaired?"

Tools?  Hank looked at the wagon, and noticed that there were a bunch of picks and shovels and other digging equipment in there, and it looked pretty beat up.

"I guess so.  My da is the smith, but he's out.  I can take your order."  

"Excellent.  The ground is most rocky and difficult at the cemetery, and I need several of these implements sharpened, reinforced, or repaired."

What was an implement?  Hank knew what a pick and shovel were.  An implement must be one of those funny looking tools.  What was he digging up in the graveyard?

"What were you digging up in the graveyard?"

"Oh, um, I'm the new caretaker.  Yes, the caretaker.  We were simply removing some old and broken stones, and repairing them.  Now, this is rather time sensitive, so I'll make it worth your while to get the job done quickly."

"I don't know about that.  My da will have to say."

"come now, I can pay you double your normal rates to have this done quickly.  I'll even leave you a deposit!"

"I'm not supposed to take money from anyone..."

"You can give it to your father.  Here, take this gold as a down payment."  He tossed a gold piece at Hank, who had little choice but to catch it.  It made his hand tingle.  He stuffed it in a pocket.  

"Ok.  Here, let me get those for you."  Hank gathered up the digging tools in an enormous armful, and lifted them easily out of the wagon, and carried them in to the smithy.  When he turned around, the man and his wagon were already gone.  That was strange.  And since when had there been a caretaker at the old cemetery?  There hadn't been anyone from town buried there in years.  Oh well.  There was still work to be done.
