Than

Another end day, and another round of dirty farmers and pathetic drunks crowded in to the Cracked Stein to forget their meaningless lives for two coppers a mug.  Than could barely conceal his disdain for the patrons that he serves, which may be why his tips are all but non-existent. He doesn't care all that much - he knows that he'll never get rich off of the likes of this crowd.  Or in this town.  For the ten thousandth time, he silently cursed his wastrel father and his corroded liver.  Than had practically grown up in the bar, where his father had been a regular patron while he was still healthy enough to pick up work as a handyman and day laborer.  Now that those days were gone, Than made enough to eat, if not all that well, by working in the tavern that he had played in as a child.  Tam Stein, the owner, had a soft enough heart to let Than sleep in the common room for free.  Sucker.  

From one corner of the tavern, a voice stood out over the noise of the tavern.  Than moved towards the table, touching the short oak club that he cheerfully uses to quiet down unruly drunks.  Maybe tonight won't be a total loss after all.  

As he gets closer to the corner table, Than frowned. The rowdy in question is not a local, and doesn't seem like the normal drunken hayseed that usually starts trouble.  There was a small crowd gathering around a wasted looking man with grey hair and a ragged beard.  His eyes shone with something, but whether it was drink or madness was not yet apparent.  Great, a nutjob.  They were worse than drunks, because sometimes they were stronger than they looked, and they didn't give up as fast when you smacked them.  Not that Than had seen all that many in his few years at the Stein, but he still remembered the broken nose he'd gotten from old man Gerherd when he'd gone off his rocker last fall.  He'd have to be careful.

"I tell you," raved the greybeard, "there's treasure out there.  Chests full of gold and gems, waiting for anyone to scoop up!  They told me so, they did, and they were right!"  He laughs hysterically, which turns into a fit of coughing.  The small crowd around the old man laughed.

"Sure, gramps." called out one of the onlookers. "Our local cemetery is a real dragon's hoard, all right.  Why, I go up there every week to pick up a few golds myself.  Isn't that right, Heinrich?"

"Sure, Klaus. I would go myself, but I'm usually too busy picking the rubies out of my privy!"  

"Ignorant fools!" spit the stranger. "I tell you, it's there!  Mountains of gold!  Just like the pixie told me!"

"Oh, Klaus, a pixie!  It must be true!"  The two continued laughing, but their laughter has an edge to it.  Than knew the two, local jackasses who delight in starting trouble.  He decides to roust the old man before the situation can go bad.  He steps up and grabs the stranger firmly by the wrist. 

"I think you've had enough, pops.  Why don't we go out and get you some air." Than hoisted the stranger out of his chair, and starts walking him towards the door.  "Wait, wait, tell us where the gold is!" "Ooh, and the pretty pixie!"  

The stranger appeared to have forgotten the hecklers as they approach the door.  Than opened up the tavern's front door, but before he could eject the stranger, the old man turned to him and grabbed his arms in a surprisingly strong grip.  His eyes seem to get strangely large in his head, and he hissed at Than.  "It is there!" He pressed something cold and hard into Than's hand.  "For the ale."  He turned and headed out into the night.  Freak.

Than looked down at his hand as his palm started to tingle.  There, large as life, gleamed a gold piece of unusual minting.  There were some strange letters on the face, but mostly Than thinks that it's more money than he makes in a season.  He shut his hand quickly and stuck the gold piece into a pocket.  He turned back into the tavern, his mind racing.  The gold continues to tingle strangely in his pocket.

