The sunlight streamed through the magnificent stained glass windows of Schlossberg's Heilan Cathedral.  The effect always soothed Theo, and reminded him of the quiet power of his God.  Although he had not yet taken the official vows of the order, he expected to next year.  Since his childhood, Theo had spent much of his time in the church, following his father in his ministry.  The only thing he loved more than the rich language of the scriptures and the solemn majesty of the cathedral was the library housed in one of the cathedral outbuildings.  Religious texts stretching back thousands of years provided him with endless theological puzzles, and glimpses into the evolution of the church from the earliest days of recorded history in Zufals.  

Oh, he knew that the other boys thought he was to serious, too studious, to wrapped up in the church, but he had always felt his calling there more strongly than the call of his peers.  How could the alleys and gutters of the capital compare with the cathedral, and how could rough taunts and juvenile humor compare with the poetry of liturgy?  He accepted his isolation from his cohort as a small price gladly paid.

As he wound his way through the small hallways in the back of the cathedral, he heard his father speaking with someone.  Odd, his voice sounded almost agitated, which was more that unusual for the normally staid senior Valsharek.  Overcoming the temptation to listen without announcing himself, Theo walked in to his father’s small study, clearing his throat.  

He found his father speaking to an older man dressed in the robes of a member of the Golden Order of Mages.  Seeing a member of that order in the church on a holy day was unusual enough, but Theo couldn’t imagine what business he could have with a Heilan cleric in the middle of the week.  Both his father and the stranger stopped speaking, and turned to face him.  The look on the stranger’s face was appraising, and the look on his father’s unreadable.  

“Hello, Theo”, said the stranger.  “How fortunate that you are here.  We were just about to set out looking for you.”

“Greetings sir.  How can the church assist you?”

“It isn’t the church that I am here to see today, but rather you specifically.  I have been talking with your father.  I’m afraid that something is beginning that we have long feared, and I will need your assistance with it”

“I’m happy to be of assistance however I may, learned, but I find it difficult to imagine what problem you may have that another could not assist you with more ably than I.  I am not yet even a full member of the Heilan order.”

“Theo, there are some things that I should have perhaps told you” interrupted his father.  “It is not your profession that interests Sebastian here, but your potential.  He has asked me not to say more at this time, as there is a need for a degree of secrecy.  I know that this is sudden, but you need to go with him. More will be explained to you in time, but know this – I am convinced that this is of great importance to both the church and the kingdom.”

“Very well father, I will accept your word.  Learned, if I may ask, how long will we be gone, and what will I need on this journey?”
