The largest problem with the monastery, thought Torsten, was the hours.  The chores weren’t all that bad, and the exercise and training were even enjoyable at times.  The food, while not particularly fancy, was filling.  The brothers, while not exactly a traveling circus, were friendly and protective.  But getting up two hours before the sun was just impossible!  Of course, he admitted to himself, if he went to bed as ridiculously early as the other monks, it might not be as bad, but who could sleep with the sun barely down?  There was too much to do, and most of the fun stuff was easier if the brothers were asleep.

He yawned again as he joined the brothers out in the main square for morning calisthenics and sparring.  Once he was warmed up, he managed not to get tossed on the stones as many times as some mornings, which improved his mood.  He headed off to the kitchen for some bread and water before his rotation in the gardens.  At least that was better than the weeks he was in the fields.  

Of course, it could be worse.  There were orphans in the city that didn’t have the chances he had.  His uncle, one of the monks in Heila’s order, had taken him in to the monastery when his parents had died.  He was only four, and his memories of those days were few, and clouded with sadness. He had grown up here, surrounded by the strong but quiet brothers, and had taken on much of their thoughtful and purposeful demeanor… but he was still 17, and couldn’t help but think that there was more to life than the 14 forms and tending the monastery fields and flocks.  He knew that they would expect him to decide soon if he was interested in following the way of the brotherhood, or if he was going to strike out on his own.  He still wasn’t sure what he would do. 

On the way to the gardens, he heard a voice calling him.  He looked up to see his uncle, and a strange mage standing next to him.  “Hello, uncle.  I’m off to the herb gardens, to weed and contemplate the richness of Heila’s bounty, or something like that.”  His uncle smiled fondly at his borderline irreverence.  Although not a replacement for the family he had lost, his uncle had always been both understanding and supportive.  

“Good morning, Torsten.  I bring you good news – there is a reprieve from chores for you this morning”.  

Torsten glanced sharply at his uncle.  There was never a reprieve from chores, unless he was too sick to stand or the monastery was under attack, and the second one was theoretical.  “All thanks to Heila.  What, may I ask, is the reason for this bounty?  I’m not going to have to do something even worse, am I?”

“Not unless you consider meeting some new friends worse than weeding” said the stranger.  “Allow me to introduce myself.  I am Sebastian, a mage in the Golden Council.  I have some people for you to meet, and a proposition for you.”  Torsten glanced over to his uncle, who nodded.  

“Come along with me to the abbot’s quarters.  I have a story to tell you, and you have a choice to make.”


